add BIP 86 to derivation path (#1450)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

### What derivation paths does Wasabi use?

Wasabi follows [BIP 84: Derivation scheme for P2WPKH Based Accounts](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0084.mediawiki) (`m/84'/0'/0'`) and [BIP 86: Key Derivation for Single Key P2TR Outputs](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0086.mediawiki) (`m/86'/0'/0'`).

> Note that Taproot isn't supported yet so the main path is `m/84'/0'/0'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that Wasabi is currently not generating external taproot addresses yet so the main path is `m/84'/0'/0'`.
```

### What derivation paths does Wasabi use?

Wasabi follows [BIP 84: Derivation scheme for P2WPKH Based Accounts](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0084.mediawiki) (`m/84'/0'/0'`) and [BIP 86: Key Derivation for Single Key P2TR Outputs](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0086.mediawiki) (`m/86'/0'/0'`).
Note that Taproot isn't supported yet so the main path is `m/84'/0'/0'`.

> On TestNet Wasabi uses the path `m/84'/1'/0'`.
> On RegTest it uses `m/84'/0'/0'`, and not the standard `m/84'/1'/0'` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On TestNet Wasabi uses the paths `m/84'/1'/0'` and `m/86'/1'/0'`.
On RegTest it uses `m/84'/0'/0'` and `m/86'/0'/0'`, and not the standard `m/84'/1'/0'` and `m/86'/1'/0'` paths.
```
